CO-61-update-docs-for-co-58 (#68)
containeroo/cloudflare-operator: docs/content/operations.md

cloudflare_operator_ip_status
cloudflare_operator_zone_status
```

> There is also a Grafana dashboard, see [here](/monitoring.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a Grafana dashboard. You can learn more [here](/monitoring.md).
```
